Application Enumeration
First, we can begin our
enumeration by looking at the
Document-Object Model (DOM)
of the Jenkins login page.
To view the DOM, we right-click anywhere
on the page and select Inspect Element.
With the Firefox Web
Developer Tools open,
we right-click on the top HTML
tag and select Expand All.
A review of the DOM does not
reveal any new information.
We can see that the page
is a basic HTML form.
Next, we will take a look at the source
code to see if it reveals anything new.
While Javascript can alter the DOM,
resulting in differing DOM and source,
this does not seem to be the case here.
The source and DOM are fairly similar.
Next, we will run a basic dirb scan
to discover any potential hidden files.
Jenkins will respond with a 403 for any
file that we try to access when we are not
logged in, so we will run
our scan with the -w flag
to continue scanning past
the warning messages.
Our scan found some endpoints,
but nothing of value.
Next, let’s do something that
our hacker intuition
has been whispering for us to try.
Let’s try the credentials
admin:password and admin:admin.
Weak password configurations are very
common within internal networks
as only “trusted” users are expected
to be able to access the server.
In addition, attempting a couple
of password combinations
will very rarely set off any alarms as
it’s typical for a regular user
to occasionally type in a
password incorrectly.
The credentials admin:password failed.
Next, we’ll try admin:admin.
The admin:admin credentials worked!
Next, we need to find a way to
exploit Jenkins to obtain a shell.